Update Editorial Changes Process During IPR Review to Align with New Branching Strategy (#34)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/foundation: w3c_mode_workflow.md

Reviewer: @jpradocueva 
Could you make a global change in this file from `IPR Review` to `IP Review`?  

`IPR Review` = `Intellectual Property Review Review`.

Git tags based on [Semantic Versioning 2.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) will be used to mark the official releases.

![Git Workflow](images/FOCUS-Process-w3c-git-flow-revision.drawio.png?raw=true "Git Workflow")

> All development work is completed in `working_draft` branch or in topic branches that are strictly merged back into the `working_draft` branch, except during the IPR Review period, where new feature development is performed in `working_draft_interim` branch. When the specification hits development milestones and is ready to released a pull request is raised from the `working_draft` branch into the `candidate_recommendation` branch. This pull request is reviewed by the working_group before it is approved and merged by the Working Group Chair. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All development work is completed in `working_draft` branch or in topic branches that are strictly merged back into the `working_draft` branch, except during the IP Review period, where new feature development is performed in `working_draft_interim` branch. When the specification hits development milestones and is ready to released a pull request is raised from the `working_draft` branch into the `candidate_recommendation` branch. This pull request is reviewed by the working_group before it is approved and merged by the FOCUS repository admins. 
```

### Editorial Changes During IPR Review

During the 30-day IPR Review period, the `candidate_recommendation` branch is treated as the **frozen release candidate**. To ensure stability and avoid disrupting the review process, all changes must follow a controlled branching strategy.

#### Editorial Changes for the Current Release

If an editorial issue is identified (e.g., grammar, formatting, or other non-normative corrections):

1. **Create a branch from `working_draft`.**
2. Submit an **editorial pull request (PR)** targeting the `working_draft` branch.
3. The PR may be reviewed and merged into `working_draft` during the IPR Review period, provided it is strictly **editorial (non-normative)** in scope.
4. The `candidate_recommendation` branch remains unchanged during the IPR Review window.

At the conclusion of the IPR Review:

5. All approved editorial changes accumulated in `working_draft` are **merged into `candidate_recommendation`** via a PR.
6. The updated `candidate_recommendation` branch is then:
   - **Approved by the Working Group**, and  
   - **Ratified by the Steering Committee**, prior to release.

> 7. Once ratified, `candidate_recommendation` is merged into `main`, and the release is tagged.

Author: The suggestion provided by gemini to merge back `main` into `working_draft` doesn't make sense
